.TH uic 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic - The Unified Installation Creator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.BI "uic " <command> " [ " <args> " ] "

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic
is a toolkit for easy Debian and derivates installation automation

.PP
uic is a toolkit build on top of debootstrap that permits  to automate the
creation of customized command line Linux installations based on Debian-Style
distributions. It is able to create life distributions as well as install a
customized distribution on a target system. It is mainly intended as a toolkit
for system administrators who have often to install Linux servers with
particular, repeating characteristics.

.PP
Customized installations are based on easy to create installation templates.

.SH COMMANDS
.B uic
itself is intended as a wrapper for a series of available commands. They can be invoked via
.B uic
or directly. The invocation of

.RS
.B uic create \-vv netpoldo-1404-32

.RE
behaves identically to invoking

.RS
.B uic_create \-vv netpoldo_1404-32
.RE

The following commands are available:

.TP
.B uic_get
prepares an installation environment based on the specified template

.TP
.B uic_create
initializes and populates the installation in the specified installation
environment

.TP
.B uic_upgrade
upgrades the installation in the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_enter
chroots into the installation in the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_install
installs the supplied list of packages and related dependencies into
the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_purge
purges or removes the supplied list of packages and related dependencies
from the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_clean
deletes the installation from the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_build
executes a build/deployment process of the installation in the specified
installation environment

.TP
.B uic_attach
attaches a partition or directory to the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_detach
detaches a previously attached partition or directory from the specified
installation environment

.TP
.B uic_pack
packages an installation environment for redistribution as a uic template


.SH EXAMPLE
Full process to create a minimal NetPoldo Ubuntu rescue system:

.PP
     builder-machine # uic get netpoldo-1404-32
     [ ... installs the latest netpoldo-1404-32 uic template environment in /usr/src ]
     builder-machine # uic create netpoldo-1404-32 \-v
     [ ... watch it while it creates the installation environent ]
     builder-machine # uic-build \-v netpoldo-1404-32
     [ ... find the results in /usr/src/netpoldo-1404-32/output ]

.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
