.TH uic_attach 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_attach - attaches a partition or directory to the specified installation
environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_attach [\-hv] [
.I \-p <mount params>
.B ]
.I <device|dir>
.B [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_attach
attaches a partition or directory to the specified unified installation
environment so that all subsequent creation and customization operations
occur in the attached partition or directory.

.I <device>|<dir>
is the device name of the partition containing a valid filesystem to attach
to the specified installation environment. It can be also a valid subdirectory
in an mounted filesystem if
.B \-p """\-o bind"""
is passed to the mount command.


.I <environment_path>
can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment directory.
Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path
(usually /usr/src)

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the
verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B \-p, \-\-mount-params
full set of parameters to pass to the \fB mount \fR command. The set must be
quoted in order to be recognized.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP 
.B uic_attach \-v \-p """\-t ext3""" /dev/sdc1
attaches the filesystem on \fI/dev/sdc1\fR to the Ubuntu intallation environemnt
in the current directory by passing the parameters \fB-t ext\fR to the mount
command and shows verbose output.

.TP 
.B uic_attach \-vv \-p """\-o bind""" /mnt/disk/testarea /root/netpoldo/netpoldo-1004-32
attaches the subdirectory \fI/mnt/disk/testarea\fR to the unified installation
environemnt in \fI/root/netpoldo/netpoldo-1004-32\fR by passing the parameters
\fB\-o bind\fR to the mount command and shows very verbose output.

.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mount (8),
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
