.TH uic_create 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_create - creates an installation in the specified installation environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_create [\-hvFC] [
.I -V <variant>
.B ] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_create
initializes and populates the installation in the specified installation
environment as specified in the template definition file.
.PP
The special filesystems \fI/sys\fR, \fI/proc\fR, \fI/dev\fR, \fI/dev/pts\fR and
\fI/dev/shm\fR are mounted in the installation area in order to offer full
functionality during the installation. The undesired automatic start of services
performed by software installation is inhibited by a temporary policy
(\fI/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d\fR fails with return code 101).

.I <environment_path>
can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment directory.
Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1404-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path
(usually /usr/src)
.PP
As a result, a complete customized installation will be created in the
.I chroot
subdirectory of the environment.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the
verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B \-C, \-\-clean
force deletion of existing installation. Since \fBuic_create\fR will not
overwrite by default existing installations found in the destination directory,
this option permits to execute the command also if there is already an
installation in place.

.TP
.B \-F, \-\-force
ignores any already existing files in the installation. Since \fBuic_create\fR will not
overwrite by default existing installations found in the destination directory,
this option permits to execute the command also if there is already an
installation in place.

.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
show the list of available variants

.TP
.B \-V, \-\-variant <variant>
create the installation using the specified variant

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_create \-F /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1404-32
creates an installation in the installation environment in
.I /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1404-32
If there is already an installation, it will be deleted and replaced by the new
installation. The results can be found in
.I /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1404-32/chroot

.TP
.B uic_create \-v
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
.I uictpl.conf
file is there), an installation is created in the \fIchroot\fR subdirectory.
The command will produce verbose output and will fail if an installation is
already present in the \fIchroot\fR directory.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
