.TH uic_detach 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_detach - detaches a partition or directory from the specified installation
environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_detach [\-hv] [
.I \-p <umount params>
.B ] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_detach
detaches a partition or directory previously attached from the specified unified
installation environment so that all subsequent creation and customization
operations will occur in the same filesystem the installation environment is
located.

.I <environment_path>
can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment directory.
Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path
(usually /usr/src)

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the
verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B \-p, \-\-umount-params
full set of parameters to pass to the \fBumount\fR command. The set must be
quoted in order to be recognized.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP 
.B uic_detach \-v
detaches the previously attached filesystem from the Ubuntu installation
environment in the current directory and shows verbose output.

.TP 
.B uic_detach \-vv \-p """\-f""" /root/netpoldo/netpoldo-1004-32
detaches the previously attached filesystem from the Ubuntu intallation
environment in \fI/root/netpoldo/netpoldo-1004-32\fR by passing the parameter
.B \-f
to the umount command and shows very verbose output.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
