.TH uic_upgrade 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_upgrade - upgrades the installation in the specified installation
environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_upgrade [\-hvIC] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_upgrade
performs an upgrade of the installation in the specified installation
environment. In order to take in account potential changes in the list of
additional software specified in the installation template, a software
reinstallation can be requested.
.PP
The special filesystems \fI/sys\fR, \fI/proc\fR, \fI/dev\fR, \fI/dev/pts\fR and
\fI/dev/shm\fR are mounted in the installation area in order to offer full
functionality during the installation. The undesired automatic start of services
performed by software installation is inhibited by a temporary policy
(\fI/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d\fR fails with return code 101).
.PP

.I <environment_path>
can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment directory.
Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path
(usually /usr/src)
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the
verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B \-I, \-\-do\-reinstallations
reinstall all packages listed in the template

.TP
.B \-C, \-\-skip\-customization
skips the installation customization


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
