.TH uic_get 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_get - prepares an installation environment based on the specified template

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.BI "uic_get [\-hveF] [\-n " "<name>" "]" " <template source> " "[" "<destination path>" "]"

.BI "uic_get [\-v] \-s" " <template name>" 

.BI "uic_get [\-v] \-l [" "<search regex>" "]" 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_get
initialises an installation environment based on a uic template source. Template
sources are distributed as compressed tar archives. \fBuic_get\fR retrieves the
specified template, unpacks it into the default or the specified \fI<destination
path>\fR and checks it for integrity. The \fI<template source>\fR can be a
physical path to a locally reachable template file, an http or ftp url to a
template file or simply the base name of a template. In that case \fBuic_get\fR
will search the configured uic repositories for the latest version of the
desired template. If \fI<destination path>\fR is not specified, the default
working path (usually /usr/src) will be used.

.B uic_get
can also be used to inspect the repository (see below).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the
verbosity level will be increased.

.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
outputs a list of templates available in the configured repositories. The list
can be filtered through a specified regular expression

.TP
.B \-s, \-\-show
shows all available versions of the specified template name in the configured
repositories.

.TP
.B \-n <name>, \-\-name <name>
use an alternative name instead of the original name for the installation
environment. When used for creating a derived template, the name should be
changed manually also in the template configuration file \fBuictp.conf\fR.

.TP
.B \-e, \-\-enter
change directory into the installation environment after retrieval and
initialisation

.TP
.B \-F, \-\-force
force deletion of existing installation environment. Since \fBuic_get\fR will
not overwrite by default existing installation environments found in the
destination directory, this option permits to execute the command also if there
is already an installation environment in place.


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic get /home/leo/netpoldo-1404-32_10.04.04-39.tar.bz2 /home/leo/uic-projects
prepares an installation environment from the template 
.I /home/leo/netpoldo-1404-32_10.04.04-39.tar.bz2
The resulting template will be stored in \fI/home/leo/uic-projects\fR using the
default template name (resulting in \fI/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1404-32\fR
).

.TP
.B uic get netpoldo-1404-32
searches the uic template repository for the latest version of netpoldo-1404-32.
If found, the template will be downloaded and an installation environment will
be created in the default working directory (\fI/usr/src\fR) using the default
template name (resulting in \fI/usr/src/netpoldo-1404-32\fR).

.TP
.B uic get alix-rescue_10.04.04-12.tar.bz2 \-vF \-n alix-router .
prepares an installation environment from the template 
.I alix-rescue_10.04.04-12.tar.bz2
located in the current directory. The resulting template will be stored also in
the current directory using the specified template name (resulting in
\fI./alix-router\fR). The command will produce verbose output and will succeed
also if \fI./alix-router\fR is already existing.


.TP
.B uic get \-l
Lists all templates available on the configured repositories.

.TP
.B uic get \-l alix.*
Lists all templates which name starts with \fIalix\fR on the configured
repositories.


.TP
.B uic get \-s alix-rescue-0804
Lists all versions stored on the repositores of the template \fIalix-rescue-0804\fR.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
