.TH uic_pack 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_pack - packages an installation environment for redistribution as a uic
template

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_pack [\-hvu] [
.I \-o <output path>
.B ] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_pack
creates or updates the integrity information (\fIuictpl.md5\fR) and packages an
installation environment for redistribution as a uic template. The resulting
distribution archive (a bzippped tar file) will be named
.PP
.RS
.B ${UIC_SRCNAME}_${UIC_SRCVERSION}.tar.bz2
.RE
.PP
based on the values in \fIuictpl.conf\fR of the installation environment and is
by default saved in the default working path (/usr/src).

.I <environment_path>
can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment directory.
Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path
(usually /usr/src)

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the
verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B \-u, \-\-update
only update the integrity information

.TP
.B \-o <output path>, \-\-output <output path>
save the resulting archive into <output path>

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_pack \-u /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
creates or updates the integrity information (\fIuictpl.md5\fR) in the
installation environment in \fI/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32\fR.

.TP
.B uic_pack \-v
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
\fIuictpl.conf\fR file is there), the integrity information (\fIuictpl.md5\fR)
will be updated and a template redistribution archive will be created in the
default working path (/usr/src). The command will produce verbose output.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
