.TH uic_clean 7 "May 2014" "uic" "Unified Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_clean - deletes the installation from the specified installation
environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_clean [\-hv] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_clean
deletes the installation from the specified installation environment.

.I <environment_path>
can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment directory.
Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path
(usually /usr/src)
.PP
As a result, both the installation in the \fIchroot\fR subdirectory and the
build results in the \fIoutput\fR subdirectory of the environment will be
deleted.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once,
the verbosity level will be increased. 


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_clean /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
cleans up both the installation and the build output in the installation
environment in \fI/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32\fR.

.TP
.B uic_clean \-v
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
\fIuictpl.conf\fR file is there), both the installation in the \fIchroot\fR
subdirectory as the build output in the \fIoutput\fR subdirectory will be
deleted. The command will produce verbose output.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
uic configuration file. See \fBuic.conf (8)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
template definition and configuration file. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
template hook scripts directory See \fBuic.hooks (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files
directory of files to add to the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
list of files to remove from the installation. See \fBuic.files (7)\fR
.TP
.I <template>/build
directory of additional files used during the build steps. See \fRuic.files (7)\fR

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic (7),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_purge (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
