.TH uic 7 "29 March 2012" "Version 0.3" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic - The Ubuntu Installation Creator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic 
.I <command>
.B [
.I <args>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic
.R is a toolkit for easy Ubuntu/Debian installations creation

.PP
uic permits to automate the creation of customized command line Linux installations based
on Debian-Style distributions. It is mainly intended as a toolkit for system administrators who
have often to install linux servers with particular, repeating characteristics.
.PP
Customized installations are based on easy to create installation templates.

.SH COMMANDS
.B uic
.R itself is intended as a wrapper for a series of available commands. They can be invoked via
.B uic
.R or directly. The invocation of

.RS
.B uic create -vv netpoldo-1004-32

.RE
.R behaves identically to invoking

.RS
.B uic_create -vv netpoldo_1004-32
.RE

.R The following commands are available:

.TP
.B uic_prepare
prepares an installation environment based on the specified template

.TP
.B uic_update
updates the installation environment based on the specified template

.TP
.B uic_create
creates the installation in the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_upgrade
upgrades the installation in the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_enter
chroots into the installation in the specified installation envinronment

.TP
.B uic_clean
deletes the installation from the specified installation environemnt

.TP
.B uic_build
executes a build/deployment process of the installation in the specified installation environment

.TP
.B uic_pack
packages an installation environment for redistribution as a uic template


.SH EXAMPLE
Full process to create a minimal NetPoldo Ubuntu rescue system:

.PP
     builder-machine # uic prepare netpoldo-1004-32
     [ ... installs the latest netpoldo-1004-32 uic template environment in /usr/src ]
     builder-machine # uic create netpoldo-1004-32 -v
     [ ... watch it while it creates the installation environent ]
     builder-machine # uic-build -v netpoldo-1004-32
     [ ... find the results in /usr/src/netpoldo-1004-32/output ]

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictp.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_prepare (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
