.TH uic_enter 7 "23 May 2012" "Version 0.14" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_enter - chroots into the installation in the specified installation environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_enter [-hv] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_enter
.R chroots into the installation in the specified installation environment so that the user
can make changes directly into the installation (like installing additional software). The shell
prompt will be slightly modified in order to remember the user that he is working in a
chroot-shell.
.PP
.RI "The special filesystems " "/sys" ", " "/proc" ", " "/dev" ", " "/dev/pts" " and " "/dev/shm "
are mounted in the installation in order to offer full functionality to the user. The undesired
automatic start of services performed by software installation is inhibited by a temporary policy
.RI "(" "/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d" " fails with return code 101)."
.PP
.RB "To exit the chroot-shell, use the command " "exit " "or hit " "Ctrl+D" "."

.IR "<environment_path> " "can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment
directory. Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path (usually /usr/src)

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased. 


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_install (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)

