.TH uic_pack 7 "23 May 2012" "Version 0.14" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_pack - packages an installation environment for redistribution as a uic template

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_pack [-hvu] [
.I -o <output path>
.B ] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_pack
.RI "creates or updates the integrity information (" "uictpl.md5" ") and packages an"
installation environment for redistribution as a uic template. The resulting distribution
archive (a bzippped tar file) will be named
.PP
.RS
.B ${UIC_SRCNAME}_${UIC_SRCVERSION}.tar.bz2
.RE
.PP
.RI "based on the values in " "uictpl.conf " "of the installation environment and is by default"
saved in the default working path (/usr/src).

.IR "<environment_path> " "can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment
directory. Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path (usually /usr/src)

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B -u, --update
only update the integrity information

.TP
.B -o <output path>, --output <output path>
save the resulting archive into <output path>

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_pack -u /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
.RI "creates or updates the integrity information (" "uictpl.md5" ") in the installation"
.RI "environment in " "/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32" "."

.TP
.B uic_pack -v
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
.IR "uictpl.conf " "file is there), the integrity information (" "uictpl.md5" ") will be"
updated and a template redistribution archive will be created in the default working path
(/usr/src). The command will produce verbose output.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_prepare (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
