.TH uic_detach 7 "29 April 2012" "Version 0.09" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_detach - detaches a partition or directory from the specified installation environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_detach [-hv] [
.I -p <umount params>
.B ] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_detach
.R detaches a partition or directory previously attached from the specified Ubuntu installation
environment so that all subsequent creation and customization operations will occur in the 
same filesystem the installation environment is located.

.IR "<environment_path> " "can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment"
directory. Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path (usually /usr/src)

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B -p, --umount-params
.RB "full set of parameters to pass to the " "umount " "command. The set must be quoted in order to be recognized.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP 
.B uic_detach -v
.RI "detaches the previously attached filesystem from the Ubuntu intallation environemnt in the current directory"
.RB "and shows verbose output."

.TP 
.B uic_detach -vv -p """-f""" /root/netpoldo/netpoldo-1004-32
.RI "detaches the previously attached filesystem from the Ubuntu intallation environemnt in " "/root/netpoldo/netpoldo-1004-32"
.RB "by passing the parameter " "-f " "to the umount command and shows very verbose output."

.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR umount (8),
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_prepare (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
