.TH uic_create 7 "31 March 2012" "Version 0.5" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_create - creates an installation in the specified installation environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_create [-hvF] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_create
.R creates an installation into the specified installation environment as specified in the template
definition file.
.PP
.RI "The special filesystems " "/sys" ", " "/proc" ", " "/dev" ", " "/dev/pts" " and " "/dev/shm "
are mounted in the installation in order to offer full functionality during the installation. The
undesired automatic start of services performed by software installation is inhibited by a temporary
.RI "policy (" "/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d" " fails with return code 101)."

.IR "<environment_path> " "can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment
directory. Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path (usually /usr/src)
.PP
.RI "As a result, a complete customized installation will be created in the " "chroot "
subdirectory of the environment.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B -F, --force
.RB "force deletion of existing installation. Since " "uic_create " "will not overwrite by default existing
installations found in the destination directory, this option permits to execute the command also if there is
already an installation in place.


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_create -F /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
.RI "creates an installation in the installation environment in " "/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32" ". If"
there is already an installation, it will be deleted and replaced by the new installation. The results can be
.RI "found in " "/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32/chroot" "."

.TP
.B uic_create -v
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
.IR "uictpl.conf " "file is there), an installation is created in the " "chroot "
subdirectory. The command will produce verbose output and will fail if an installation is already
.RI "present in the " "chroot " "directory."


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_prepare (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
