.TH uic_clean 7 "23 May 2012" "Version 0.14" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_clean - deletes the installation from the specified installation environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_clean [-hv] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_clean
.R deletes the installation from the specified installation environment.

.IR "<environment_path> " "can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment
directory. Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path (usually /usr/src)
.PP
.RI "As a result, both the installation in the " "chroot "
.RI "subdirectory and the build results in the " "output " "subdirectory of the environment"
will be deleted.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased. 


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_clean /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
cleans up both the installation and the build output in the installation environment in
.IR "/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32" "."

.TP
.B uic_clean -v
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
.IR "uictpl.conf " "file is there), both the installation in the " "chroot "
.RI "subdirectory as the build output in the " "output " "subdirectory will be deleted."
The command will produce verbose output.


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_get (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
