.TH uic_build 7 "11 May 2012" "Version 0.11" "Ubuntu Installation Creator"
.SH NAME
uic_build - executes a build/deployment process of the installation in the specified installation environment

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SP
.B uic_build [-hvlC] [
.I -b <build step number>[,<build step number>...]
.B ] [
.I <environment_path>
.B ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B uic_build
.R executes a build/deployment process of the installation in the specified installation environment
as specified in the template definition file. The build/deployment process is optional, so it may
be possible, that the template defines no build targets.
.RI "The result of the build steps will be stored in the " "output " "subsdirectory in the"
installation environment.

.IR "<environment_path> " "can be omitted if the command is launched from within the environment
directory. Otherwise it can be:
.IP -
an absolute path to the environment directory (e.g.: /home/leo/netpoldo-1004-32)
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the current directory
.IP -
a path to the environment directory relative to the default working path (usually /usr/src)
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
shows the help for the command.

.TP
.B -v, --verbose
increases the verbosity level of the command. If specified more than once, the verbosity level will be increased. 

.TP
.B -l, --list
show the list of defined build targets. If specified no build will be performed.

.TP
.B -C, --skip-customization
skips the installation customization

.TP
.B -b <number>[,<number>...], --build-target <number>[,<number>...]
builds only the build targets with index numbers <number>


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
.B uic_build -l /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
shows all the build steps for the installation environment in
.IR "/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32" ". No output files will be produced."

.TP
.B uic_build /home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32
executes all the build steps for the installation environment in
.IR "/home/leo/uic-projects/netpoldo-1004-32" ". The resulting files will be stored in the"
.RI "directory " "output " "in the installation environment."

.TP
.B uic_build -v -b 0
if the current directory is the home of an installation environment (the
.IR "uictpl.conf " "file is there), only the first build step will be executed and the resulting"
.RI "files will be stored in the subdirectory " "output" ". The command will produce verbose output."


.SH FILES
.TP 26n
.I /etc/uic.conf
.RB "uic configuration file. See " uic.conf (8)
.TP
.I <template>/uictpl.conf
.RB "template definition and configuration file. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/hooks
.RB "template hook scripts directory See " uic.hooks (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files
.RB "directory of files to add to the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/files.remove
.RB "list of files to remove from the installation. See " uic.files (7)
.TP
.I <template>/build
.RB "directory of additional files used during the build steps. See " uic.files (7)

.SH AUTHOR
.B uic
.R was written by Leo Moll <leo.moll@yeasoft.com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR uic_attach (7).
.BR uic_build (7),
.BR uic_clean (7),
.BR uic_create (7),
.BR uic_detach (7).
.BR uic_enter (7),
.BR uic_pack (7),
.BR uic_prepare (7),
.BR uic_upgrade (7),
.BR uic.files (7),
.BR uic.hooks (7),
.BR uic.conf (7)
